refactor: Update fetching instructions in test PR guide (#1076)
anitab-org/mentorship-backend: docs/test-pr-guide.md

4. Go to the Issue that PR is fixing and follow the steps to reproduce that issue while you are under the develop branch.

5. Run the following commands to get to the PR branch, where `<id>` is the PR id and `<branch_name>` is the random name for the branch.

> 

Reviewer: Also add "Alternatively if you use the github cli you can run the following command `gh pr checkout <pr_ number>`"

Reviewer 2: Do we need to use github cli now?  It doesn't allow changing the branch name at now

Reviewer: We don't need to it's just an alternative to this. I don't see why we'd need to change the branch name while reviewing a pr 😕.

Reviewer 2: Most of the times, new Contributor made PR from branch named `develop` and while trying to fetch locally it cause errors. Anyways, it's my personal opinion that we should change branch name .

Reviewer: > Most of the times, new Contributor made PR from branch named `develop` and while trying to fetch locally it cause errors. Anyways, it's my personal opinion that we should change branch name . 

Sorry I still don't get it. The branch name would be whatever the contributor chooses right? I don't see how it affects the testing.

> 5. Run the following commands to get to the PR branch, where `<contributor>` is the GitHub username of the contributor that submitted the PR:

Reviewer 2: Although it's debatable, we can change it to something like
```suggestion
5. Run the following commands to get to the PR branch, where `<id>` is the PR id and `<branch_name>` is the random name for the branch.
```

CC:- @anitab-org/mentorship-maintainers

Reviewer: I just use github cli so can't really help with this.

Reviewer 2: @keshavgbpecdelhi please make the required changes

```

> git clone https://github.com/<contributor>/mentorship-backend/

Reviewer 2: This line is also not necessary.
```suggestion
```

> git fetch origin pull/ID/head:BRANCHNAME

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
git fetch upstream pull/ID/head:<branch_name>
```

> git fetch upstream pull/ID/head:<branch_name>

Reviewer 2: Would be better if we can explain what ID stands for here :thinking:

Author: Sir how to do this, 🤔

Reviewer 2: First of all, no need to use sir.
